Emerald, Texas, March 4th, 1939.
Oh, Molly, oh, Molly, it's for your sake alone that I leave my old parents, my house and my home.
That I leave my old parents, you cause me to roam.
I'm a rebel soldier and Dixie's my home.
My boots in my stirrups, my bridles in my hand I'm going to leave Molly, the fairest in the land Her parents don't like me, they say I'm too poor They say I'm unworthy to enter her door They say I drink whiskey, my money's my own And them that don't like me can leave me alone
I'll eat when I'm hungry.
I'll drink when I'm dry.
And when I get thirsty, I'll lay down and cry.
I'll build me a castle on yonder mountain high where my true love can see me when she comes riding by.
Where my true love can see me and help me to mourn.
I'm a rebel soldier.
She's my home.
I'll get up in my saddle, my quirt in my hand.
I'll think of you, Molly, when in some distant land.
I'll think of you, Molly, you've caused me to roam.
I'm a rebel soldier, and he sees my own.
Beet steak when I'm hungry, rye whiskey when I'm dry, green back when I'm hard, up in heaven when I die.
Rye whiskey, rye whiskey, rye whiskey, I cry.
If you don't give me rye whiskey, I truly will die.
If the ocean was whiskey and I was a duck, I'd dive through the bottom and never come up.
But the ocean ain't whiskey and I ain't a duck, so I'll play Jack the Diamond and trust you my love.
Oh, whiskey, oh, brandy, I like you pretty well, you've killed all my kinfolk.
I guess you'll send me when I'm ready to die.